README.md, before:

# Conductor
> Drivin that train...

Conductor is a webapp framework for PHP+Javascript providing specific support
for single page Javascript heavy applications.

## Install

 -  add as a conductor dependency.

        {
            "require": {
                "zeptech/conductor": "dev-master"
            }
        }
        
 -  TODO run vendor/zeptech/conductor/bin/install -- This will create a skeleton
    structure for your site

## Configuration

Wherever possible, Conductor will provide/adopt a convention in order to keep configuration to a minimum. However there is still a small amount of configuration necessary to use Conductor to power your site.

Conductor configuration is defined in an XML file `conductor.cfg.xml` in the root directory of your site.

Here is a sample configuration file with comments explaining each configuration value:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" standalone="yes"?>
<conductor>

 <!--
  This is display name for you site.
  It will appear as a prefix to each HTML page's <title> tag
 -->
 <title>My Awesome Site</title>
 <!--
  This is the root namespace where all of your sites PHP files are found.
 -->
 <namespace>mysite</namespace>
 
 <!--
  Database configuration.  All settings are required.
 -->
 <db>
  <!--
   Currently only MySQL is supported.  There are plans to also
   support PostgreSQL and SQLite
  -->
  <driver>mysql</driver>
  <host>localhost</host>
  <username>mysite_d</username>
  <password>abcdefg123456</password>
  <schema>mysite_d</schema>
 </db>
 
 <!--
  This is web path from your server's domain to the root of your site.
  This value is optional and defaults to /
 -->
 <webRoot>/mysite</webRoot>
 
</conductor>

Commit message:

Added first attempt at conductor init script.

README.md, after:

# Conductor
> Drivin that train...

Conductor is a webapp framework for PHP+Javascript providing specific support
for single page Javascript heavy applications.

## Install

 1. Add as a [Composer](http://getcomposer.org) dependency. (in `composer.json`)

        {
            "require": {
                "zeptech/conductor": "dev-master"
            }
        }

 2. Run Composer install: `composer install`
 3. Run Conductor initialization script: `./vendor/bin/cdt-init`

    If you get errors about not being able to change groups run the following
    command: `sudo chgrp -R www-data target`

## Configuration

Wherever possible, Conductor will provide/adopt a convention in order to keep configuration to a minimum. However there is still a small amount of configuration necessary to use Conductor to power your site.

Conductor configuration is defined in an XML file `conductor.cfg.xml` in the root directory of your site.

Here is a sample configuration file with comments explaining each configuration value:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" standalone="yes"?>
<conductor>

 <!--
  This is display name for you site.
  It will appear as a prefix to each HTML page's <title> tag
 -->
 <title>My Awesome Site</title>
 <!--
  This is the root namespace where all of your sites PHP files are found.
 -->
 <namespace>mysite</namespace>
 
 <!--
  Database configuration.  All settings are required.
 -->
 <db>
  <!--
   Currently only MySQL is supported.  There are plans to also
   support PostgreSQL and SQLite
  -->
  <driver>mysql</driver>
  <host>localhost</host>
  <username>mysite_d</username>
  <password>abcdefg123456</password>
  <schema>mysite_d</schema>
 </db>
 
 <!--
  This is web path from your server's domain to the root of your site.
  This value is optional and defaults to /
 -->
 <webRoot>/mysite</webRoot>
 
</conductor>
